fixposition_odometry_converter/README.md, before:


# Fixposition Odometry Converter

_This is currently only available in ROS1, a ROS2 version will be release later._

## Description

An extra node is provided to help with the integration of the wheel odometry on your vehicle. This node is intended to be used as a middleware if you already have a topic with the wheel odometry values running on your system. At the moment, messages of the type `Twist`, `TwistWithCov` and `Odometry` are accepted. The x component of the velocity in the input messages is then extracted, converted, and republished to the `/fixposition/speed` topic, where they will be consumed by the VRTK2. If the param `use_angular` is selected, the z component of the angular velocity (yaw rate) of the input messages is also extracted and placed in the speed vector.

_Please note that currently, the odometry converter only works for situations where the desired input odometry has just one or two values, i.e. the total vehicle speed or the total vehicle speed and yaw rate. It also assumes that the x axis of the odometry output and the VRTK2 axis are aligned. For situations where all 4 inputs are desired, a custom converter is necessary._

## Input Parameters

The `odom_converter.yaml` file exposes the necessary parameters for the correct operation of the node. The parameter that may cause the most doubt is the `multiplicative_factor`. This should be chosen such that the inputed float velocity value is transformed into milimeters per second, e.g. 1000 for an input that is expressed in meters per second.

## Launch

After the configuration is set, to launch the node simply run:

   `roslaunch fixposition_odometry_converter odom_converter.launch`

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Update README.md in Odometry Converter (#24)

fixposition_odometry_converter/README.md, after:


# Fixposition Odometry Converter

_This is currently only available in ROS1, a ROS2 version will be release later._

## Description

An extra node is provided to help with the integration of the wheel odometry on your vehicle. This node is intended to be used as a middleware if you already have a topic with the wheel odometry values running on your system. At the moment, messages of the type `geometry_msgs/Twist`, `geometry_msgs/TwistWithCov` and `nav_msgs/Odometry` are accepted. To select one of these, modify the `topic_type` in the `odom_converter.yaml` file. The x component of the velocity in the input messages is then extracted, converted, and republished to the `/fixposition/speed` topic, where they will be consumed by the VRTK2. If the param `use_angular` is selected, the z component of the angular velocity (yaw rate) of the input messages is also extracted and placed in the speed vector.

_Please note that currently, the odometry converter only works for situations where the desired input odometry has just one or two values, i.e. the total vehicle speed or the total vehicle speed and yaw rate. It also assumes that the x axis of the odometry output and the VRTK2 axis are aligned. For situations where all 4 inputs are desired, a custom converter is necessary._

## Input Parameters

The `odom_converter.yaml` file exposes the necessary parameters for the correct operation of the node. The parameter that may cause the most doubt is the `multiplicative_factor`. This should be chosen such that the inputed float velocity value is transformed into milimeters per second, e.g. 1000 for an input that is expressed in meters per second.

## Launch

After the configuration is set, to launch the node simply run:

   `roslaunch fixposition_odometry_converter odom_converter.launch`

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
